adding formatting steps in pull request template (#4606)
TheAlgorithms/Java: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] All filenames are in PascalCase.
- [ ] All functions and variable names follow Java naming conventions.
- [ ] All new algorithms have a URL in their comments that points to Wikipedia or other similar explanations.

> - [ ] Ensure your code is properly formatted by using the command ```clang-format -i --style=file path/to/your/file.java```
>       If you do not have the correct version of clang-format (i.e. < 16.0), you can remove **InsertNewlineAtEOF: true** from
>       **java/.clang-format** and manually add a newline at the end of your file before pushing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] All new code is formatted with `clang-format -i --style=file path/to/your/file.java`
```
I'd make it shorter and sound as a statement from the contributor, as other items above do.
Is this caveat about clang-format version important, or can we just omit it? It's too verbose to be in every PR description. If it's indeed helpful, we can make it as a comment below the checkbox so that it's only visible when editing the PR description.

Author: @siriak  Thanks for the review. I think the version info can be omitted. I have added the shorter statement as suggested by you.
